English Curriculum: Block 14 (#59282)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/24-b1-english-for-developers/learn-how-to-use-modal-verbs/67d84e00b1d0e4a85ab764b1.md

`Lisa: That's strange. Our firewall settings are usually solid. It must have been something else. Could someone have left a port open?`

`Jake: It's possible. I was checking the logs, and there was a lot of traffic from one particular IP address. It might have been a BLANK.`

`Lisa: If it was a targeted attack, we need to find out what they accessed. Have you checked which files were compromised?`

`Jake: Not yet, but we should focus on the BLANK first. It can't be just a random breach. There must be a specific reason they targeted us.`

`Lisa: Agreed. We should probably isolate the affected systems and run a full scan. This will help us understand the extent of the breach and what they BLANK have taken.`

`Jake: Good idea. I'll start working on it. We should also notify the security team and follow our BLANK.`

`Lisa: Absolutely. I'll work on isolating the systems and keep you updated. Let me know if you find anything unusual in the logs.`

`Jake: Will do. Thanks for your help, Lisa.`

`Lisa: No problem, Jake. We BLANK to get to the bottom of this.`

## --blanks--

`need to`

### --feedback--

> This expresses necessity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This two-word phrase expresses necessity.
```

---

`firewall`

### --feedback--

It is a security tool that blocks unauthorized access to a network.

---

`targeted attack`

### --feedback--

> It is a deliberate cyberattack aimed at a specific organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This two-word phrase means a deliberate cyberattack aimed at a specific organization.
```

---

`critical systems`

### --feedback--

> These are the most important parts of a company's network that must stay secure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This two-word phrase means the most important parts of a company's network that must stay secure.
```

---

`might`

### --feedback--

This modal verb expresses possibility.

---

`incident response plan`

### --feedback--

> It is a structured process for dealing with security breaches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This three-word phrase means a structured process for dealing with security breaches.
```
